Improved readme (#11)
giantswarm/sloth-app: README.md

Sloth generates understandable, uniform and reliable Prometheus SLOs for any kind of service. Using a simple SLO spec that results in multiple metrics and multi window multi burn alerts.

## Visualize the SLOs

Sloth-app provides a Grafana dashboard allowing simple and quick visualization of the SLOs defined. Those dashboards are defined in the `customizations/templates` folder.

> For more detailed information concerning the Sloth SLOs dashboard, check the [official documentatation](https://sloth.dev/introduction/dashboards/)

Reviewer: What is a `documentatation` ? :laughing:

Author: You're right ! Fixed :)

### Example

> #TODO : Add image of working SLO dashboard.

Author: I'm trying to make one work currently. Otherwise the dashboard is more or less empty :/

> #TODO : Add image of working SLO dashboard.

Author: It's done now :)

## Rule management

> Sloth allow the creation of PrometheusRules CR as well as plain prometheus rules and can run as an operator in a Kubernetes cluster (for the PrometheusRules CR). It also provides a CLI tool for plain prometheus rules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sloth allow to create of PrometheusRules CR as well as plain prometheus rules and can run as an operator in a Kubernetes cluster (for the PrometheusRules CR). It also provides a CLI tool for plain prometheus rules.
```

Author: Updated

### Rule configuration

Sloth provides a lot of configurability concerning the rules, allowing for example the user to prevent a rule from paging by adding inhibition labels in the `alerting` section.

Sloth rule example :

```
apiVersion: sloth.slok.dev/v1
kind: PrometheusServiceLevel
metadata:
  name: kaas-phoenix-controller-manager-latency
  namespace: monitoring
  labels:
    release: prometheus
spec:
  service: "controller-manager"
  labels:

>     owner: "phoenix"

Reviewer 2: Can we please have more generic name here that do not contain our internal area/team names ?
